docs/Configuration.md, before:

# Configuration file

The configuration file is a JSON object which contains mandatory and additional information that is needed when generating the HTML files.

1. `"project"`: This is the project title and is used in the main index HTML file's title and other places.
2. `"template"`: This is the directory with default template files are used by the generator to output the HTML files. Look into [template](Template.md) for more information.
3. `"output"`: This is a string and contains the output directory to store the generated HTML files in.
4. `"index"`: This is the main index file with all the necessary information to be shown in the index HTML file.
5. `"inputs"`: This is an array of objects that contains the input data. The input data are of two types.
   1. Directory input.
      - This contains a directory where all the Markdown files will be recursively converted and stored in the output directory.
      - The `"directory"` key is required. Make sure that the given directory is relative to configuration file.
      - The `"name"` key is required that tells the generator the folder name to insert all the generated HTML files to.
   2. Git input.
      - Git inputs are git links that are used to recursively download its contents and converted.
      - The `"git"` key is required and it contains the git directory link to recursively get the data from.
      - The `"auth"` key is required which is the access token used to get all the content from.
      - The `"name"` key is required that tells the generator the folder name to insert all the generated HTML files to.
      - Note that this feature is not supported in the current version of DocBlocks.
  
## Example configuration file

```json
{
  "output": "public",
  "inputs": [
    {
      "name": "docs",
      "directory": "docs"
    },
    {
      "name": "docs",
      "git": "https://github.com/markedjs/marked/tree/master/docs",
      "auth": "personal-authentication-token-for-github"
    }
  ]
}
```

Commit message:

Fixed a couple of bugs and improved the generated HTML styling.
* The generator had a bug where only the inputs were based on the configuration file's path. Now everything from inputs to outputs are based on the configuration file.
* Added more styles to the palette and added support for tables.
* The file names and paths are also formatted so that all space characters are replaced with a dash ('-').

docs/Configuration.md, after:

# Configuration file

The configuration file is a JSON object which contains mandatory and additional information that is needed when generating the HTML files.

1. `"project"`: This is the project title and is used in the main index HTML file's title and other places.
2. `"template"`: This is the directory with default template files are used by the generator to output the HTML files. Look into [template](Template.md) for more information.
3. `"output"`: This is a string and contains the output directory to store the generated HTML files in.
4. `"index"`: This is the main index file with all the necessary information to be shown in the index HTML file.
5. `"inputs"`: This is an array of objects that contains the input data. The input data are of two types.
   1. Directory input.
      - This contains a directory where all the Markdown files will be recursively converted and stored in the output directory.
      - The `"directory"` key is required.
      - The `"name"` key is required that tells the generator the folder name to insert all the generated HTML files to.
   2. Git input.
      - Git inputs are git links that are used to recursively download its contents and converted.
      - The `"git"` key is required and it contains the git directory link to recursively get the data from.
      - The `"auth"` key is required which is the access token used to get all the content from.
      - The `"name"` key is required that tells the generator the folder name to insert all the generated HTML files to.
      - Note that this feature is not supported in the current version of DocBlocks.
  
Make sure that all given directories are relative to the configuration file.

## Example configuration file

```json
{
  "output": "public",
  "inputs": [
    {
      "name": "docs",
      "directory": "docs"
    },
    {
      "name": "docs",
      "git": "https://github.com/markedjs/marked/tree/master/docs",
      "auth": "personal-authentication-token-for-github"
    }
  ]
}
```

Note that when generating the HTML files, directories and file names with spaces will be replaced with `'-'`, ie: `path/to/a totally random/random file.md` will be formatted to `path/to/a-totally-random/random-file.md`.
